[Music]
I'm scared Professor Dumbledore everyone
is scared of something
would you sit yes you're up next
that's an unusual one what mr. Scamander
fears above everything else is having to
work in an office sir go ahead and use
ridiculous
[Music]
magic rooms
only in rare souls still in sculpting
shadows
[Music]
was the old ways serve us no longer take
it we've heard the rumors of all
television but he would rise to
dominance over the Wizarding World
so you're asking me to help hunt him
down
I can't move against Grendel fault
it has to be you in your shoes I'd
probably refuse to there's late that
evening it come on
[Music]
you underestimate your talents missus
come on
their arrogance is a key to our victory
muggles are not lesser
not disposable
yes you could mute you never met a
monster you couldn't love Swedish
mr. Scamander do you think tumble to
will known for her
[Music]
are you goats
no I'm alive but I'm an alchemist and
therefore immortal oh you're gonna fly
man
Jake 100 you don't look a day over 375
[Music]
you